what do i see as a parent.

get to see my daughter start a game.  that was cool.  
I get to try to encourage my daughter that the coach is doing everything right.
I get to see them struggle and one of the orignal starts shoot 5 shots without playing with the other girls.
I get so see them come back and play great.  over come adversity.

Then I get to hear from my daughter after the next practice that you girls cant start, you did terrible i am going back to my original starters.
Wait, the girl that slows the game down was a starter, still is a starter but you put the blame on the others.

Then the next game what do I see you start yoru starts, after 3 minutes you sub in 1 girl, at 5 minutes you let the others play for 1:30, do good, score and stop the others team from scoring,
but then pull those girls.  so but the others that got you in tough spot back in.  great ok maybe I missed something that I can understand.  But then see those girls you pulled only get 
1 minute and 1 mistake and bang back on the bench.  Move to second have watch you play the same girls over and over.  then ok lets give the other girls in 30secs 1 mistake on the bench.
yet we watch the girls with the play time make the same mistake over and over and over yet no penalty.  and that was last time 2 of the girls hit the court for 12 minutes thus end of game.
I get to see my daughter come home blaming herself for the loss because she made those mistakes.  4 minutes of playtime did not lose that game, but the attitude recieved from the caoch
puts that on the player.  I get to hear that after that 1 mistake that well if that the best you can do just sit down.  

I get to see a coach put more effort into being derogatory to the other coach than put into really coaching his kids.

I get so see girls forget how to run a play on several occasions get to play.   

allong with this I can go over and over about well he only works with his starters in practice.  The rest get to play defence againsts them or watch.
I get to hear how a player askes what can she do better how can she get to the starting spot be told, i will be honost there is nothing you can do it is genetics your just to short.
really, I could see if you where a foot shorter than every player on the court, but to be only 3 inches shorter this is not an answer.
At this point i see a coach pushing a girl to quit.  I see a coach that instead of manning up and just saying you know what your just not good enough to play for me and there is 
nothing you can do that will get you there.

yes I am an upset parent.  I don't understand how I as a parent have to help my daughter to continue.  I don't understand how I can watch a game see all the players make mistakes, 
but only a few get punished for it.  And before you start with the well we expect the freshman to make mistakes, i will stop you.  you pulled them up to play.  you chose to play them
over the older girls, you chose to make it so the older girl is expected of greatness but without the help to get them there.

please don't think i am onsided.  i have listed to parents, i held back for a long time even though i was upset because well i thought maybe i was over reacting because it was my daughter.

Where i finally had enough, is when i noticed the same thing is happening to other girls.  so at this point enough is enough.   I waited the time you aske for parent and coach to cool down.
now i am here so say, you ask us as parents to trust you with our kids, you ask us to believe that everything you do is for a reason.  well  enough is a enough half a season in and everything I was
told at the beginning of the season in a parent/coach/player meeting is proving to be false.  